feat: Add premium file plugin to Website (#12546)
cloudquery/cloudquery: website/pages/docs/plugins/sources/file/overview.mdx

---
name: File
stage: GA (Premium)
title: File Source Plugin
description: CloudQuery File source plugin documentation
---
# File Source Plugin

import { getLatestVersion } from "../../../../../utils/versions";
import { Badge } from "../../../../../components/Badge";
import { Callout } from 'nextra-theme-docs'
import Configuration from "./_configuration.mdx";

<Badge text={"Premium"}/>

This is a premium plugin that you can buy [here](/integrations/file).

The CloudQuery File plugin syncs `parquet` files to any of the supported CloudQuery destinations (e.g. PostgreSQL, BigQuery, Snowflake, and [more](/docs/plugins/destinations/overview)).

### Example

This example configures a File source with a directory to sync files from. The (top level) spec section is described in the [Source Spec Reference](/docs/reference/source-spec).

<Configuration/>

## File spec

> This is the (nested) spec used by the MySQL destination plugin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is the (nested) spec used by the File source plugin.
```
